readme.md, before:

<a href="https://ibb.co/g3rRTww"><img src="https://i.ibb.co/SP63n00/MS1-responsiveness.png" alt="MS1-responsiveness" border="0"></a></h2>

# Tekker Tracker
Tekker Tracker is an online sports agency that allows users to directly upload their content, through images or video.
With the massive increase in ability of people to create their own professional quality content, we provide a platform for athletes / content creators 
to upload their acheivements and increase their chances of monetising them. Whether that be through brand endorsements, increased exposure to professional 
clubs or the right material for advertising agencies. Tekker Tracker's aim is to democratise the talent finding process.


## UX
### User Stories

#### First Time Visitor Goals
- As a First Time Visitor, I want to easily be able to understand the purpose of the site and what the company does.
- As a First Time Visitor, I want to be able to navigate around the site seamlessly.
- As a first time user I want to be able to see working partners of the site.
- As a First Time Visitor, I want to be able to see past users experiences with the company to see if they do what they say.
 I also want easy access to their social media accounts such as instagram, youtube etc.

#### Returning Time Visitor Goals
- As a returning visitor I'm ready to upload the content I have created and want a clear path to be able to do this.
- As a returning visitor I want to know that my material has been successfully submitted.
- As a returning visitor I want to know i will receive some feedback on my submission. 

#### Frequent  Visitor Goals
- As a frequent user i would have received feedback on previous submissions and be looking to submit more or improved content. 
- As a frequent user i would want to see up to date and current projects. Including what the company is currently doing. 
- As a frequent user i would want contact details to chase up my submission if i hadn't heard back. 

## Design

- Colour Scheme
  - My colour scheme consists of four main colours which i feel work well and contrast each other nicely; 
    - I am using #0d2033 which is a dark blue as the main colour of the header and footer.
    - For the text, social links and headings i am using a mix of #e9ab00 and #dfdfdf.
Both of these stand out well against the blue and i feel all compliment eachother.
    - I am also using #516375 as a general background colour across all pages.  

- Typography
  - I used "Ubuntu" as the main font type for my website. I also used the "ubuntu monospace" variant
to help some text areas stand apart from others. 

- Imagery
  - Imagery is vital in my project. The large animated background image shows that a variety of sports are covered.
  I also think it makes the site stand out and feel interactive.   

## Wireframes

Small screens original - [View](assets/wireframes/ms1-small-original.pdf)

Medium screens original - [View](assets/wireframes/ms1-medium-original.pdf)

Large screens original - [View](assets/wireframes/ms1-large-original.pdf)

### Updates i made to my wireframes;
After starting on the design of my site there were some things i realised wouldn't work as well in practice. 
Therefore i changed my proects section so that my cards sat above and below each other rather than side by side
on smaller screens.

Small screens updated - [View](assets/wireframes/ms1-small-updated.pdf)

Medium screens updated - [View](assets/wireframes/ms1-medium-updated.pdf)

Large screens updated - [View](assets/wireframes/ms1-large-updated.pdf)

## Technologies Used

### Languages Used
- HTML5 
- CSS3

### Frameworks, Libraries & Programs Used
- Bootstrap verison 4.1.3
  * Bootstrap was used to help with responsiveness and to make use of the grid and flex systems.  
  
- JQuery
  * Jquery came with Bootstrap and was used for my carousels on both the "about us" and "projects" pages.

- Font Awesome
  * Font Awesome was used on the footer for social media icons and the about us page to highlight sports covered.

- Google Fonts
  * Google fonts were used to import the "ubuntu" and the "ubunto mono" fonts into the style.css file which is used on all pages. 

- Git
  * Git was used for version control by utilizing the Gitpod terminal to commit to Git and Push to GitHub. 

- Github
  * Github is used to store my project. 

- Balsamiq
  * Balsamiq was used to create wireframes during the design process and updating them during my project when i realised some of my original
  design ideas may not work so well.

# Testing 
I used the W3C Markup Validator and W3C CSS Validator to check every page of my project to ensure there were no syntax errors.

I also used lighthouse in google chrome developer tools to test for performance, SEO, accessibility and best practices.  

## Testing User Stories from User Experience (UX) Section
#### First Time Visitor goals;
- As a First Time Visitor, I want to easily be able to understand the purpose of the site and what the company does.

  1. On the first visit to the site, the user is greeted with a large hero image of numerous sporting types and a callout which strongly 
 suggests the main purpose of the site is to upload content. This includes a large button which directly links to the upload page.

  1. This large hero image is followed by testimonials which highlight further the sites purpose and benefits. 

- As a First Time Visitor, I want to be able to navigate around the site seamlessly.
  1. All navigation links work. While the active link is highlighted letting the user know exactly which page they are currently on. 
 
- As a first time user I want to be able to see working partners of the site.
  1. Within the about us section the working partners are clearly highlighted towards the bottom of the page. They all fit 
  neatly within an images carousel which means they are easy to digest and can be easily navigated.  

- As a First Time Visitor, I want to be able to see past users experiences with the company to see if they do what they say.
 I also want easy access to their social media accounts such as instagram, youtube etc.
   1. On the home page testimonials highlight successful user experiences.
   1. Social media links are at the center of the footer on every page and stand out clearly against the footer.

#### Returning Visitor Goals;
- As a returning visitor I'm ready to upload the content I have created and want a clear path to be able to do this.
  1. The "upload now" callout button is clear and stands out on the homepage.
  1. Upload is also a clear option in the navigation bar. 

- As a returning visitor I want to know that my material has been successfully submitted.
  1. Upon successful upload of material, user is presented with a message confirming that their material was succesfully uploaded.

- As a returning visitor I want to know i will receive some feedback on my submission.
  1. Succesful upload message confirms that Tekker tracker will be in touch regarding upload.

#### Frequent  Visitor Goals
- As a frequent user i would have received feedback on previous submissions and be looking to submit more or improved content.
  1. I now have a good understanding of the website and I can easily navigate to the upload section either by the "upload now" 
  callout button or via the upload link in the neavigation bar.

- As a frequent user i would want to see up to date and current projects. Including what the company is currently doing.
  1. The projects section highlights work that the company has undertaken as well as suggesting checking out social links for more.

- As a frequent user i would want contact details to chase up my submission if i hadn't heard back.
  1. contact details are clear and on the footer of every page.    

## Testing

## Credits

#### Code

- Bootstrap used throughout the project mainly using the grid system to make site responsive but also 
using the bootstrap jumbotron and carousel components. 
- For my fading hero image i watched a tutorial on youtube which i have commented in my CSS, I altered this for my own purpose but credit goes to
"Graphy" - (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHg8W7ZuD9o).
- I copied code from W3schools to style my placeholder (https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_placeholder.asp)

#### Media

All sports images and video sourced from Pexels

- Hero images credit goes to;
  * Cameron Casey (skater, basketball) 
  * Jacob Colvin (kayak)
  * Daniel Torobekov (swimmer)

- Projects images and video credits;
  * Pixabay
  * Budgeron Bach [View](assets/images/projects/sport6.jpg)

- Partners images credit goes to;
  * Vijay Verma downloaded from gumroad.com

Commit message:

added deployment section to readme

readme.md, after:

<a href="https://ibb.co/g3rRTww"><img src="https://i.ibb.co/SP63n00/MS1-responsiveness.png" alt="MS1-responsiveness" border="0"></a></h2>

# Tekker Tracker
Tekker Tracker is an online sports agency that allows users to directly upload their content, through images or video.
With the massive increase in ability of people to create their own professional quality content, we provide a platform for athletes / content creators 
to upload their acheivements and increase their chances of monetising them. Whether that be through brand endorsements, increased exposure to professional 
clubs or the right material for advertising agencies. Tekker Tracker's aim is to democratise the talent finding process.


## UX
### User Stories

#### First Time Visitor Goals
- As a First Time Visitor, I want to easily be able to understand the purpose of the site and what the company does.
- As a First Time Visitor, I want to be able to navigate around the site seamlessly.
- As a first time user I want to be able to see working partners of the site.
- As a First Time Visitor, I want to be able to see past users experiences with the company to see if they do what they say.
 I also want easy access to their social media accounts such as instagram, youtube etc.

#### Returning Time Visitor Goals
- As a returning visitor I'm ready to upload the content I have created and want a clear path to be able to do this.
- As a returning visitor I want to know that my material has been successfully submitted.
- As a returning visitor I want to know i will receive some feedback on my submission. 

#### Frequent  Visitor Goals
- As a frequent user i would have received feedback on previous submissions and be looking to submit more or improved content. 
- As a frequent user i would want to see up to date and current projects. Including what the company is currently doing. 
- As a frequent user i would want contact details to chase up my submission if i hadn't heard back. 

## Design

- Colour Scheme
  - My colour scheme consists of four main colours which i feel work well and contrast each other nicely; 
    - I am using #0d2033 which is a dark blue as the main colour of the header and footer.
    - For the text, social links and headings i am using a mix of #e9ab00 and #dfdfdf.
Both of these stand out well against the blue and i feel all compliment eachother.
    - I am also using #516375 as a general background colour across all pages.  

- Typography
  - I used "Ubuntu" as the main font type for my website. I also used the "ubuntu monospace" variant
to help some text areas stand apart from others. 

- Imagery
  - Imagery is vital in my project. The large animated background image shows that a variety of sports are covered.
  I also think it makes the site stand out and feel interactive.   

## Wireframes

Small screens original - [View](assets/wireframes/ms1-small-original.pdf)

Medium screens original - [View](assets/wireframes/ms1-medium-original.pdf)

Large screens original - [View](assets/wireframes/ms1-large-original.pdf)

### Updates i made to my wireframes;
After starting on the design of my site there were some things i realised wouldn't work as well in practice. 
Therefore i changed my proects section so that my cards sat above and below each other rather than side by side
on smaller screens.

Small screens updated - [View](assets/wireframes/ms1-small-updated.pdf)

Medium screens updated - [View](assets/wireframes/ms1-medium-updated.pdf)

Large screens updated - [View](assets/wireframes/ms1-large-updated.pdf)

## Technologies Used

### Languages Used
- HTML5 
- CSS3

### Frameworks, Libraries & Programs Used
- Bootstrap verison 4.1.3
  * Bootstrap was used to help with responsiveness and to make use of the grid and flex systems.  
  
- JQuery
  * Jquery came with Bootstrap and was used for my carousels on both the "about us" and "projects" pages.

- Font Awesome
  * Font Awesome was used on the footer for social media icons and the about us page to highlight sports covered.

- Google Fonts
  * Google fonts were used to import the "ubuntu" and the "ubunto mono" fonts into the style.css file which is used on all pages. 

- Git
  * Git was used for version control by utilizing the Gitpod terminal to commit to Git and Push to GitHub. 

- Github
  * Github is used to store my project. 

- Balsamiq
  * Balsamiq was used to create wireframes during the design process and updating them during my project when i realised some of my original
  design ideas may not work so well.

# Testing 
I used the W3C Markup Validator and W3C CSS Validator to check every page of my project to ensure there were no syntax errors.

I also used lighthouse in google chrome developer tools to test for performance, SEO, accessibility and best practices.  

## Testing User Stories from User Experience (UX) Section
#### First Time Visitor goals;
- As a First Time Visitor, I want to easily be able to understand the purpose of the site and what the company does.

  1. On the first visit to the site, the user is greeted with a large hero image of numerous sporting types and a callout which strongly 
 suggests the main purpose of the site is to upload content. This includes a large button which directly links to the upload page.

  1. This large hero image is followed by testimonials which highlight further the sites purpose and benefits. 

- As a First Time Visitor, I want to be able to navigate around the site seamlessly.
  1. All navigation links work. While the active link is highlighted letting the user know exactly which page they are currently on. 
 
- As a first time user I want to be able to see working partners of the site.
  1. Within the about us section the working partners are clearly highlighted towards the bottom of the page. They all fit 
  neatly within an images carousel which means they are easy to digest and can be easily navigated.  

- As a First Time Visitor, I want to be able to see past users experiences with the company to see if they do what they say.
 I also want easy access to their social media accounts such as instagram, youtube etc.
   1. On the home page testimonials highlight successful user experiences.
   1. Social media links are at the center of the footer on every page and stand out clearly against the footer.

#### Returning Visitor Goals;
- As a returning visitor I'm ready to upload the content I have created and want a clear path to be able to do this.
  1. The "upload now" callout button is clear and stands out on the homepage.
  1. Upload is also a clear option in the navigation bar. 

- As a returning visitor I want to know that my material has been successfully submitted.
  1. Upon successful upload of material, user is presented with a message confirming that their material was succesfully uploaded.

#### Frequent  Visitor Goals
- As a frequent user i would have received feedback on previous submissions and be looking to submit more or improved content.
  1. I now have a good understanding of the website and I can easily navigate to the upload section either by the "upload now" 
  callout button or via the upload link in the neavigation bar.

- As a frequent user i would want to see up to date and current projects. Including what the company is currently doing.
  1. The projects section highlights work that the company has undertaken as well as suggesting checking out social links for more.

- As a frequent user i would want contact details to chase up my submission if i hadn't heard back.
  1. contact details are clear and on the footer of every page.    

### Further Testing
- The website was tested on Google Chrome, Safari, Firefox and Microsoft Edge browsers.
- The website was checked on a variety of devices from small phones to larger desktop screens. 
- I tested all navigation links and social links extensively to ensure they were working on each and every page.
- I asked family and friends to review the site and give feedback on their personal user experiences and highlight any issues they ran into. 

## Credits

#### Code

- Bootstrap used throughout the project mainly using the grid system to make site responsive but also 
using the bootstrap jumbotron and carousel components. 
- For my fading hero image i watched a tutorial on youtube which i have commented in my CSS, I altered this for my own purpose but credit goes to
"Graphy" - (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHg8W7ZuD9o).
- I copied code from W3schools to style my placeholder (https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_placeholder.asp)

## Deployment
### Github pages
The project was deployed to Github pages using the following steps;
1. Log in to GitHub, locate your chosen repository and select it.
1. At the top of the repository (in it's menu) select the settings button.
1. Scroll towards the bottom of the settings page and locate the "GitHub Pages" section.
1. Under "Source", click the dropdown menu and select "Master Branch".
1. The page then automatically refreshes itself.
1. Scroll back down the page and there will now be a published site link within the "GitHub Pages" section.


#### Media

All sports images and video sourced from Pexels

- Hero images credit goes to;
  * Cameron Casey (skater, basketball)[View](assets/images/basketball.jpg) [View](assets/images/basketball.jpg) 
  * Jacob Colvin (kayak) [View](assets/images/kayak.jpg)
  * Daniel Torobekov (swimmer) [View](assets/images/swimmer.jpg)

- Projects images and video credits;
  * Pixabay
  * Budgeron Bach [View](assets/images/projects/sport6.jpg)

- Partners images credit goes to;
  * Vijay Verma downloaded from gumroad.com
